---
title: Values
tags: [Values, Work ethic]
style: fill
color: light
description: Value great work. Value radical collaboration.
---
### Transparency

Be open about as many things as possible. 
By making information public, we can reduce the threshold to contribution and make collaboration easier. 
We try to be both straightforward and kind.

Institutions benefit from transparency.
More people can talk about transparent institutions.
People can find mistakes.
People can spot weakness.
The institution can correct the mistake or weakness.
It's free labor.
Institutions only need the right systems to let this happen.

### Habits

We are habitual people.
We prefer growing one percent each day than 10 percent every 10 days.
Life is not a race.
It's a design adventure. Jump in!

### Single source of truth

We do not repeat information.
Information lives in one place and one place only.
Make sure it is easy to reach.
Cleaner workflows lead to better work.

### Collaboration

Helping others is a priority even when it's not immediately related to the goals that you are trying to achieve. 
Similarly, you can rely on others for help and advice. 
In fact, you're expected to do so. 
Anyone can chime in on any subject, including people not working on it. 
We do what we promise to each other, to customers, to users, to investors. 

### Results

We care about great work.
Work that can change lives.
Good work is a pathway to great work.
It is a priority to avoid busy work.  

### Efficiency

We care about not duplicating work. 
This enables us to achieve more progress, which makes our work more fulfilling. 

### Iteration

We do the smallest thing possible and get it out as quickly as possible. 
Don't write a large plan. Just write the first step.
Trust that you'll know better how to proceed after something is released. 
You're doing it right if you are slightly embarrassed by the minimal feature set shipped in the first iteration.
